For part 1, the task was to perform a runtime analysis of the different data structures I had been learning in comparison to my code. The way I approached the problem is I added the time up line by line, first using the vector structure, then using the hash structure and finally using the tree structure. 
While each of these data structures has some merit depending on the program, overall I think vectors make the most sense. Data structures are important to understand for optimal efficiency in program operations. With the proper use of data structures, data can be presented in an easy to understand logical manner, 
and is often faster and more efficient. Some of the problems I encountered along the way included but were not limited to, the instructions for week 3 and beyond said to add a certain library, the instructions also said in the beginning of the course we were to use microsoft visual studio. Well not only did it not
tell you where to add this library, it also did not tell you how to add this library. I spent an entire school day talking with tutors and doing research to try and figure it out. Turns out, that you cannot alter said library in visual studio because the route to get there does not exist. I also had problems with 
apporto, and this is not the first time. The way I overcame this and the previous problem of said library, was to simply install visual studio on my actual system and go from there. I found that I had solved the issue and moved on to the next. I have never been that great at coding,(although now my skills are improving)
to wit, my syntax is often off by either a missed bracket, or not remembering to capitalize a camelhump variable. To overcome this I would often take a break, or if I ran into a serious roadblock I would seek assistance from a tutor. I also like to use youtube and google for better understanding.

Before this class I was always under the assumption that coding your main function needed to be done first. After this class I have taken to defining my functions first and then writing the main function. I have also become more familiar with vectors and their structure. One of the other things I noticed was how
easily I could resuse my vector functions with only changing an item or two. Made it easier for me to understand how coding with data structures is now an essential part of any program that I write henceforth. One thing I need to work on is properly commenting the code for easier readability and maintenance. 
Overall this has been an instrumental course for me as I plan on writing a lot of c++ code in the near future.
